Add specific language to context docs that reference resolvers are necessary for contextual fields (#3102)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/entities/use-contexts.mdx

  ): Int!
}
``` 

## A note on resolvers

Fields that are used with the context directives must be resolvable via a [reference resolver](/federation/entities/#2-define-a-reference-resolver). Query plans that fetch contextual fields are based on the entity where the `@context` directive is set. Therefore, all subgraphs that resolve that entity must support looking up their fields based on the entity's `@keys` fields.

> Take the [previous example](#referencing-fields-across-subgraphs). Suppose the first subgraph has a single query to retrieve the logged in user:

Reviewer: Added this anchor, as I assumed that's the example we're talking about. Could you please confirm @clenfest ?

```graphql disableCopy showLineNumbers=false
type Query {
  me: User!
} 
```

The following example resolver would not correctly support contextual variables:

```typescript title="❌ Incorrect example" disableCopy showLineNumbers=false
Query: {
  me: () => ({

>     id: 1, userCurrency: { id: 431, currencyCode: 'USD'}

Reviewer: Should this be `isoCode`?

```suggestion
    id: 1, userCurrency: { id: 431, isoCode: 'USD'}
```

  })
}
```

> This is because the fetch set to subgraph 1 to retrieve the `isoCode` would be done on the entity. Therefore a section to resolve a User by keys would need to be added:

Reviewer: This sentence confuses me. Does it mean something like this:

```suggestion
It's an adequate resolver because retrieving the `isoCode` relies on the retrieving the `User` entity itself. Therefore, a reference resolver for the `User` entity must be included:
```

Reviewer: I'm also a bit confused by the examples--the incorrect example shows just a resolver for the `me` query, while the addition below is a reference resolver for `User`.  Would that `me` query resolver work as written with just the addition? Or does it have to be updated as well?
